Use get_data internally instead of get_data_from_viewer (#2072)
spacetelescope/jdaviz: docs/cubeviz/export_data.rst

.. code-block:: python

    subset1_spec1d = cubeviz.specviz.get_spectra(subset_to_apply="Subset 1")

An example without accessing Specviz:

.. code-block:: python

>     subset1_spec1d = cubeviz.get_data(data_label = flux_data_label, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    subset1_spec1d = cubeviz.get_data(data_label=flux_data_label, 
```

                                      subset_to_apply="Subset 1",
                                      statistic="mean")

Note that in the above example, the ``statistic`` keyword is used to tell Cubeviz

> how to collapse the flux cube down to a one dimensional spectrum - this does not
> automatically match the collapse function used in the spectrum viewer.

Reviewer 2: I wasn't sure exactly what you meant here, so I'm tweaking it with my interpretation?
```suggestion
how to collapse the flux cube down to a one dimensional spectrum - this is not 
necessarily equivalent to the collapsed spectrum in the spectrum viewer, which 
may have used a different collapse statistic.
```
